feat(curriculum): add string method workshop (#66936)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-string-method/69e6284f3b7659c5a05c2a79.md

---
id: 69e6284f3b7659c5a05c2a79
title: Step 5
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

> You can check whether a substring exists inside a string using the `in` keyword. It returns `True` or `False`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check whether a substring exists inside a string using the `in` keyword. It returns `True` if the substring exists and `False` otherwise. For example:
```

```py
sentence = 'I love Python'
result = 'Python' in sentence

> print(result)  # Output: True

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sentence = 'I love Python'
print('Python' in sentence) # True
print('Java' in sentence) # False
```
